Typos and other minor fixes (group n°6) (#6209)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: contracts/governance/README.adoc

== Governor

> This modular system of Governor contracts allows the deployment of on-chain voting protocols similar to https://compound.finance/docs/governance[Compound's Governor Alpha & Bravo] and beyond, through the ability to easily customize multiple aspects of the protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This modular system of Governor contracts allows the deployment of on-chain voting protocols similar to https://docs.compound.xyz/v2/governance/[Compound's Governor Alpha & Bravo] and beyond, through the ability to easily customize multiple aspects of the protocol.
```
The .finance website is being deprecated.
